don't bring anyone love into this
anything else you catching would you
rather 'z oh fuck
I didn't realize we're doing this right
now we got a perfect perfect person here
to break down we got my dick out of the
way so many years ago
[Music]
okay so we haven't we haven't talked
about this yet but Tom and I came home
last night from our vacation to discover
that we have a rat
nothing fuckin rat got in there's
droppings yeah so upsetting and I guess
there are some workers here painting and
they left the doors open and that's how
I'm assuming because it didn't exist we
had somebody staying in the house yeah
pet sitter yeah but but obviously the
doors are probably open for a long time
yeah so in light of our rat debacle
we've called somebody today and they're
we're getting rid of it but okay would
you rather live with one rat just one
rat permanently in your house forever
and you're just always wondering where
it is if it's gonna crawl on your face
where it's pooping if it's crawling on
your snacks or I don't like it or you
live in the backyard what do you mean
you just live in the backyard outside
uh-huh with the pool though with the
pool do you have a tent yeah you give a
tent you shower with the hose it's like
camping all the hoes are there you've
got some lemon trees back there it's
real nice grass I think eventually you
would befriend your rat friend you know
you'd be like the rat here you'd be at
peace with all the shit eventually you'd
be at peace with the rat the rat is
terrifying in its newness as well you
know like you go what but imagine if
it's like a years gone by start to learn
your routine - I think that likes you
that much it comes out at night he comes
out in the morning he starts to get your
routine down I would get a pair of boots
and live with the rat yeah he's like no
you drop food over here you know that's
another thing you do is start feeding
the rat so then you start controlling
right I haven't had experience with this
but then you start controlling like
their meals yes become a rat friend that
corner I keep busy for yeah you start
bringing yeah yes okay that's what no no
no no you can't the idea is you have to
with this thing permanently in your
phone so if you're indoors you have a
rat buddy that lives with you or you
live outside where there are rats
aplenty I really really don't like
rodents I don't like them no and I still
think I would take the indoor living I
just don't want to live outdoors I don't
I'm not even if it's too hot here right
now terrible people don't know we're in
we're in California in Southern
California it's fucking I hate camping
too I just I'm not good at it I wouldn't
do it let's see what's the background
you know tent has a floor but it's
really just it's 102 here right now it's
hot as balls fuck that man
so we your aunty are gonna take the rat
outside I'm gonna take living in the
backyard really yeah I get used to it
eventually and I would like build like a
Hut situation or a yurt of some kind
104 tomorrow just so you know I'd find a
way to cool myself I like sleeping
outside in the summer I'm supposed to do
a phone call all right well I could see
that yeah especially I didn't know
you're allowed to build you can build
yeah you can build like a cabin or ya
know you just can't you can't take
indoor showers and stuff I get used to
it what do you got the pool that's true
you may be taking chlorine showers okay
here we go
would you rather is it so this is this
is the next one okay would you rather
every time you take a shit you're wiping
with your bare hand
mm-hm but as many times as you want I'm
listening or you can use toilet paper
but you can only wipe once yes this is
easy and then we all know this from mom
history yeah you wipe once and you take
a shower I mean this is solve Anton
right now I know I know
now this was Oh back to your quarters
half of this was addressed on a live
show just you know and it had a crazy
response but I thought I would put a
little twist on the game so yes you know
this is kind of a callback to the right
right yeah it's kind of a variant it is
a variant I really feel like I really
feel like I mean Matt kind of solved it
no I know but but showers that's the
thing
we're not always being there that is a
horrible horrible life so I feel like we
get a one wipe life is terrible one life
a one wipe life with Noah your special
one-way plane try it
I still by the way I got such I put a
call out to what should I name my new
special huh and so many people said you
better call it just glass and yeah just
it's a good time yeah but I feel like
it's too ridiculous I feel like as
disgusting as it is I would want to be
able to keep wiping oh my god and then
cleaning that that is so foul but then
your hand is covering shit all the time
you think about that time yeah like it's
better to have a shitty ass than a
shitty hand
yeah that's an ancient I would rather do
one good because sometimes I wipe
there's nothing there there's no good to
go she'll burn what your Ross smells
like don't your fuckin balls smell like
if you have one good wipe you know you
know what you're doing we've all been
there where there's only like a couple
sheets left yep you can really be very
efficient you move slow apply pressure
with like single sheets left sweat sweat
sweat in it but the man to have one wipe
all the time there's some shit where
you're like oh this is a half a roll
like easily yeah and then knowing that
you have one there yeah I've even
thought about using the cardboard roll
imagine this we imagine this so you have
you thought of you using the cardboard
yeah a wipe
but I'm just saying imagine this imagine
one of your nastiest like like the shit
where you go like I'm gonna 15 minutes
yeah what would it be like to do one
wipe and stand up and pull your pants up
what would that do you like it would
that be good yeah and we ruin the rest
of your day you better hope you take
that shit at night yeah but but listen
to what full charters saying is that you
would get so strategic you would figure
out a way to fold that paper and
like 16 pieces that you would fuckin do
it I don't know it's tough it's a tough
choice one you're gonna have a niche yes
in this scenario yes yeah you're a nasty
guy yeah or girl
[Music]